com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MultipleChoiceInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MultipleChoiceInputFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/ResponseDeltasConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.ResponseDeltasConverter
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AuditInfoEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AuditInfoEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AuditInfoEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/Field.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Field
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Field$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Field$Type
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/repository/TermsOfServiceRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.TermsOfServiceRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/Hilt_GndApplication.java
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_GndApplication
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_GndApplication$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/OfflineAreaEntityState.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.OfflineAreaEntityState
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionFragmentArgs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragmentArgs
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragmentArgs$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragmentArgs$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/SignInViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListAdapter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListAdapter
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/NavDrawerHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.NavDrawerHeaderBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsFragment_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsFragment_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_LocalMutationSyncWorker_HiltModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_LocalMutationSyncWorker_HiltModule
com/google/android/gnd/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_JobDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_JobDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/SignInFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInFragmentDirections
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInFragmentDirections$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInFragmentDirections$ShowTermsOfService
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/util/ImmutableSetCollector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.util.ImmutableSetCollector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_TaskEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TaskEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TaskEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TaskEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreStorageManager_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreStorageManager_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionViewModel
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionViewModel$PhotoResult
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionViewModel$SaveResult
com/google/android/gnd/NavGraphDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.NavGraphDirections
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_PolygonDrawingView_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_PolygonDrawingView_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceViewModel_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_viewer_OfflineAreaViewerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_viewer_OfflineAreaViewerFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsHeaderBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsHeaderBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/AddPhotoListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.AddPhotoListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/Hilt_FeatureSelectorFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.Hilt_FeatureSelectorFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_UserEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_UserEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_UserEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_UserEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FeatureMutationDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$10
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/$AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SubmissionDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusViewHolder.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusViewHolder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/TaskEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.TaskEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.TaskEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/BaseMapDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$10
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/Hilt_TermsOfServiceFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.Hilt_TermsOfServiceFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/AbstractFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AbstractFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapTypeDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragmentDirections
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragmentDirections$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragmentDirections$ViewOfflineArea
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorker_HiltModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker_HiltModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_FragmentManagerModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_FragmentManagerModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_UserDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_UserDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapContainerFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapContainerFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/EphemeralPopups_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.EphemeralPopups_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/TextResponse.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.TextResponse
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureSelectorListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureSelectorListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/TimeResponse.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.TimeResponse
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/Hilt_OfflineAreaViewerFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.Hilt_OfflineAreaViewerFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreStorageManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreStorageManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/ElementNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.ElementNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_surveyselector_SurveySelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_surveyselector_SurveySelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_GeoJsonFeature
com/google/android/gnd/repository/SurveyRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.SurveyRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreUuidGenerator_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreUuidGenerator_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreUuidGenerator_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/uuid/OfflineUuidGenerator.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.uuid.OfflineUuidGenerator
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/StyleConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.StyleConverter
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/MultipleChoiceDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapsFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapsFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/TextInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.TextInputFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/Option.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Option
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Option$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_syncstatus_SyncStatusFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_syncstatus_SyncStatusFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/rx/annotations/Cold.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.annotations.Cold
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionDetailsFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionDetailsFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/Navigator_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.Navigator_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.Navigator_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_FieldEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FieldEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FieldEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FieldEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SubmissionMutationDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$10
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$11
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/DateInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.DateInputFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDatabaseModule_LocalDatabaseFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDatabaseModule_LocalDatabaseFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SignInFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SignInFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureRepositionView.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureRepositionView
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/relations/JobEntityAndRelations.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.relations.JobEntityAndRelations
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionListFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionListFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/UserEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.UserEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.UserEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/$AutoValue_PointFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PointFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PointFeature$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PointFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/system/rx/RxLocationCallback.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.rx.RxLocationCallback
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/UserDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionListFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionListFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_TaskDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_TaskDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_editsubmission_EditSubmissionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_editsubmission_EditSubmissionFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FragmentManagerModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FragmentManagerModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/NumberFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.NumberFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/AbstractView_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.AbstractView_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SignInFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SignInFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorker_HiltModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorker_HiltModule
com/google/android/gnd/system/rx/RxFusedLocationProviderClient.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.rx.RxFusedLocationProviderClient
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/mbtiles/TileSetJson.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.mbtiles.TileSetJson
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsChromeBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsChromeBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/datacollection/DataCollectionFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.DataCollectionFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapGeoJson.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapGeoJson
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapGeoJson$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/LoiCollectionReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiCollectionReference
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/Hilt_SignInFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.Hilt_SignInFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/HomeScreenFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.HomeScreenFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/PolygonDrawingView.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.PolygonDrawingView
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/StartupFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.StartupFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_FeatureMutationEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureMutationEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureMutationEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureMutationEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerLayoutBehavior.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerLayoutBehavior
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragmentDirections
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragmentDirections$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragmentDirections$ActionHomeScreenFragmentToMapTypeDialogFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragmentDirections$AddSubmission
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragmentDirections$ShowSubmissionDetails
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentDirections
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentDirections$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentDirections$EditSubmission
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SyncStatusFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SyncStatusFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/Hilt_SubmissionListFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.Hilt_SubmissionListFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PhotoInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PhotoInputFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/TextFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.TextFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/PhotoFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.PhotoFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragment$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragment$BundleKeys
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/model/Survey.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.Survey
 com.google.android.gnd.model.Survey$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/BaseWorkManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.BaseWorkManager
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplicationModule_GoogleApiAvailabilityFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule_GoogleApiAvailabilityFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule_GoogleApiAvailabilityFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_SubmissionListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_SubmissionListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_AuditInfoEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_AuditInfoEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_AuditInfoEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_AuditInfoEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/DateFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.DateFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/OfflineAreaDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionDetailsFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionDetailsFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/MarkerIconFactory_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.MarkerIconFactory_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapFeature
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/MultipleChoiceFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.MultipleChoiceFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/MultipleChoiceEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.MultipleChoiceEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.MultipleChoiceEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FeatureDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/AutoValue_OfflineArea.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_OfflineArea
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_OfflineArea$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_OfflineArea$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/repository/UserRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.UserRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_SurveyEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SurveyEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SurveyEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SurveyEntity$Builder
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/BaseMapDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseMapDao
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_OfflineAreasFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_OfflineAreasFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsChromeBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsChromeBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/JobNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.JobNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/EditSubmissionFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.EditSubmissionFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/startup/StartupFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/relations/TaskEntityAndRelations.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.relations.TaskEntityAndRelations
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalValueStore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalValueStore
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapViewerFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapViewerFragBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_map_MapProviderModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_map_MapProviderModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_signin_SignInFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_signin_SignInFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/TaskDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_FeatureDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_FeatureDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/AbstractDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.AbstractDialogFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreDataStore_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreDataStore_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/BaseMap.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.BaseMap
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.BaseMap$BaseMapType
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.BaseMap$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/FileUtil.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.FileUtil
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/SignInFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/ResponseMap.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.ResponseMap
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.ResponseMap$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.ResponseMap$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/OptionDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao_Impl$7
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/TileSetEntityState.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.TileSetEntityState
com/google/android/gnd/util/ImmutableListCollector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.util.ImmutableListCollector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapTypeDialogFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragmentDirections
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_MapTypeDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_MapTypeDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_WorkManagerModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_WorkManagerModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/SubmissionEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SubmissionEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SubmissionEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/DataCollectionFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.DataCollectionFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FragmentManagerModule_FragmentManagerFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FragmentManagerModule_FragmentManagerFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/JobConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.JobConverter
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/PolygonDrawingViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.PolygonDrawingViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/NotFoundException.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.NotFoundException
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/GeoJsonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.GeoJsonFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.GeoJsonFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/UserDetails.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.UserDetails
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.UserDetails$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/BackPressListener.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.BackPressListener
com/google/android/gnd/DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$2
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$3
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.google.android.gnd.DaggerGndApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxTransformers.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxTransformers
com/google/android/gnd/ui/datacollection/DataCollectionFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.DataCollectionFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/MultipleChoiceResponse.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.MultipleChoiceResponse
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/OfflineArea.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.OfflineArea
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.OfflineArea$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.OfflineArea$State
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_TileSetDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_TileSetDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/Task.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Task
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Task$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/generated/callback/Consumer.java
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.Consumer
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.Consumer$Listener
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SurveyDocumentReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SurveyDocumentReference
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_TileSetEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TileSetEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TileSetEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_TileSetEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxCompletable.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxCompletable
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorkManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorkManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/tile/AutoValue_TileSet.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.AutoValue_TileSet
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.AutoValue_TileSet$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.AutoValue_TileSet$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/StyleNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.StyleNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/base/FluentCollectionReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.base.FluentCollectionReference
com/google/android/gnd/model/job/AutoValue_Style.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Style
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Style$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Style$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorker_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/SettingsActivity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.SettingsActivity
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataConsistencyException.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataConsistencyException
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/mbtiles/MbtilesFootprintParser.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.mbtiles.MbtilesFootprintParser
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/TileSetDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/Hilt_EditSubmissionFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.Hilt_EditSubmissionFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/FieldEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FieldEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FieldEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapHomeLayoutBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapHomeLayoutBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/WorkManagerModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.WorkManagerModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FieldDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao
com/google/android/gnd/model/job/Job.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.Job
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.Job$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/Hilt_OfflineAreasFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.Hilt_OfflineAreasFragment
com/google/android/gnd/rx/Nil.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.Nil
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplicationModule_ProvideGeocoderFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule_ProvideGeocoderFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/gms/GoogleMapsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.GoogleMapsFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.GoogleMapsFragment$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.GoogleMapsFragment$GeometryCollection
com/google/android/gnd/Hilt_SettingsActivity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_SettingsActivity
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_SettingsActivity$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/MutationEntitySyncStatus.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.MutationEntitySyncStatus
com/google/android/gnd/SettingsActivityDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.SettingsActivityDirections
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/DataStoreException.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.DataStoreException
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/ElementConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.ElementConverter
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/OptionNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.OptionNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/relations/FieldEntityAndRelations.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.relations.FieldEntityAndRelations
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/SingleSelectDialogFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.SingleSelectDialogFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.SingleSelectDialogFactory$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteStorageManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageManager
com/google/android/gnd/model/job/AutoValue_Job.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Job
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Job$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.AutoValue_Job$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragment_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/LocalDataStoreException.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.LocalDataStoreException
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/AutoValue_MultipleChoice.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_MultipleChoice
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_MultipleChoice$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_MultipleChoice$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_OptionEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OptionEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OptionEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OptionEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_BaseMapDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_BaseMapDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/Hilt_SyncStatusFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.Hilt_SyncStatusFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MultipleChoiceInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MultipleChoiceInputFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/LocalMutationSyncWorker_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.LocalMutationSyncWorker_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TaskConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TaskConverter
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/DateInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.DateInputFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreStorageManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreStorageManager
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapTypeDialogItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapTypeDialogItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.google.android.gnd.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SubmissionDocument.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionDocument
com/google/android/gnd/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.MainViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusListAdapter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusListAdapter
com/google/android/gnd/rx/Schedulers.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.Schedulers
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusFragment
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplicationModule_ProvideResourcesFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule_ProvideResourcesFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/mbtiles/MbtilesFootprintParser_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.mbtiles.MbtilesFootprintParser_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplication_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_PolygonDrawingInfoDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/AuditInfoConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.AuditInfoConverter
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/Hilt_FeatureDetailsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.Hilt_FeatureDetailsFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/HomeScreenFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.HomeScreenFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/repository/SubmissionRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.SubmissionRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/MultipleChoiceEntityType.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.MultipleChoiceEntityType
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.MultipleChoiceEntityType$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/OptionEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.OptionEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.OptionEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/base/FluentFirestore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.base.FluentFirestore
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerViewModel
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerViewModel$CameraUpdate
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerViewModel$Mode
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/Step.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Step
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Step$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.Step$Type
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_FeatureEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_FeatureEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/system/SettingsManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.SettingsManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/AutoValue_EditSubmissionViewModel_PhotoResult.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_EditSubmissionViewModel_PhotoResult
com/google/android/gnd/BR.java
 com.google.android.gnd.BR
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/DateResponse.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.DateResponse
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseFirestoreSettingsFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseFirestoreSettingsFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseFirestoreSettingsFactory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureDataTypeSelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TermsOfServiceConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TermsOfServiceConverter
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/JobDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseFirestoreFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseFirestoreFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SurveyDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SurveysCollectionReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SurveysCollectionReference
com/google/android/gnd/model/AutoValue_User.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_User
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_User$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_User$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragment$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragment$BottomSheetCallback
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_MultipleChoiceDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_MultipleChoiceDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxAutoDispose.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxAutoDispose
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListItemViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListItemViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapPolygon.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapPolygon
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapPolygon$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/GroundFirestore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.GroundFirestore
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/AddPhotoDialogAdapter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AddPhotoDialogAdapter
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AddPhotoDialogAdapter$PhotoStorageResource
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AddPhotoDialogAdapter$ViewHolder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/DateFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.DateFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/RoomLocalDataStore_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.RoomLocalDataStore_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/system/GoogleApiManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.GoogleApiManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/BaseMapEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.BaseMapEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.BaseMapEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.BaseMapEntity$BaseMapEntityType
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.BaseMapEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SurveyDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SurveyDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsHeaderBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsHeaderBinding
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/EditSubmissionFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.EditSubmissionFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/BottomSheetState.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.BottomSheetState
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.BottomSheetState$Visibility
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/NumberResponse.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.NumberResponse
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerViewModel_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerViewModel_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorViewModel
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorViewModel$DownloadMessage
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_OptionDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_OptionDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/MultipleChoiceFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.MultipleChoiceFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FieldDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FieldDao_Impl$7
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerFragment$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorkManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorkManager
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SyncStatusListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SyncStatusListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/FieldViewFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.FieldViewFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.FieldViewFactory$1
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListItemViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListItemViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/model/job/Style.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.Style
 com.google.android.gnd.model.job.Style$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/Coordinates.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.Coordinates
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.Coordinates$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalValueStore_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalValueStore_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/repository/FeatureRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.FeatureRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreasViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreasViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureRepositionView_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureRepositionView_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/DataCollectionFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.DataCollectionFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/generated/callback/Runnable.java
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.Runnable
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.Runnable$Listener
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/OfflineAreaListAdapter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreaListAdapter
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.OfflineAreaListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/DataSyncWorkManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.DataSyncWorkManager
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/FieldEntityType.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.FieldEntityType
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/datacollection/DataCollectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.DataCollectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SurveySelectorDialogBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SurveySelectorDialogBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/SharedViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.SharedViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/AutoValue_PolygonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_PolygonFeature
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureSelectorDialogBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureSelectorDialogBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/SignInFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/PhotoFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.PhotoFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_OfflineAreaEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OfflineAreaEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OfflineAreaEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_OfflineAreaEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/NavDrawerHeaderBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.NavDrawerHeaderBinding
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SettingsActivityBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SettingsActivityBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxDebug.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxDebug
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxDebug$1
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxDebug$Tracer
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/LoiDocumentReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiDocumentReference
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiDocumentReference$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_local_LocalDataStoreModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_local_LocalDataStoreModule
com/google/android/gnd/system/GeocodingManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.GeocodingManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_MultipleChoiceEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_MultipleChoiceEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_MultipleChoiceEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_MultipleChoiceEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.SettingsActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/AbstractFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.AbstractFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/startup/StartupFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/RoomLocalDataStore_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.RoomLocalDataStore_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featureselector_FeatureSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featureselector_FeatureSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/Feature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.Feature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.Feature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/FieldViewFactory_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.FieldViewFactory_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListViewModel
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListViewModel$SubmissionListRequest
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapPin.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapPin
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapPin$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorDialogFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorDialogFragment$1
com/google/android/gnd/model/AutoValue_AuditInfo.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_AuditInfo
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_AuditInfo$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_AuditInfo$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_rx_SchedulersModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_rx_SchedulersModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_MapContainerFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_MapContainerFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SubmissionDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionDao
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragmentArgs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragmentArgs
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragmentArgs$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragmentArgs$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/IntEnum.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.IntEnum
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TermsOfServiceDocument.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TermsOfServiceDocument
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/SurveyEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SurveyEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SurveyEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/StyleTypeConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.StyleTypeConverter
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/gms/Hilt_GoogleMapsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.Hilt_GoogleMapsFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/ViewModelKey.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.ViewModelKey
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SurveyConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SurveyConverter
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_FragmentModuleModuleDeps
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/MultipleChoiceDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.MultipleChoiceDao_Impl$7
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TermsOfServiceCollectionReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TermsOfServiceCollectionReference
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/OfflineAreaEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.OfflineAreaEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.OfflineAreaEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.OfflineAreaEntity$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_map_gms_GoogleMapsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_map_gms_GoogleMapsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/JobDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.JobDao
com/google/android/gnd/model/TermsOfService.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.TermsOfService
 com.google.android.gnd.model.TermsOfService$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/system/rx/RxFusedLocationProviderClient_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.rx.RxFusedLocationProviderClient_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/system/ApplicationErrorManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.ApplicationErrorManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MainActBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MainActBinding
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/PointFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.PointFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.PointFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/TaskDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TaskDao_Impl$7
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/Point.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.Point
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.Point$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FeatureMutationDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureMutationDao
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/DrawableUtil_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.DrawableUtil_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapProviderModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapProviderModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/BaseWorker.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.BaseWorker
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/Response.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.Response
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/gms/GoogleMapsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.GoogleMapsFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapSelectorFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapSelectorFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/DialogPolygonInfoBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.DialogPolygonInfoBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorkManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorkManager_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_submissiondetails_SubmissionDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_submissiondetails_SubmissionDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/AutoValue_MapPolygon.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPolygon
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPolygon$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPolygon$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/settings/Keys.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.settings.Keys
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/MultipleChoiceFieldLayout.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.MultipleChoiceFieldLayout
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/ViewModelModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.ViewModelModule
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/AutoValue_BaseMap.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_BaseMap
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_BaseMap$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.AutoValue_BaseMap$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/ProgressDialogs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.ProgressDialogs
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/Submission.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.Submission
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.Submission$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PhotoInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PhotoInputFieldBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._androidx_hilt_lifecycle_ViewModelFactoryModules_ActivityModuleModuleDeps
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapTypeDialogFragmentArgs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragmentArgs
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragmentArgs$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragmentArgs$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplicationModule_ProvideSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule_ProvideSharedPreferencesFactory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FragmentTermsServiceBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FragmentTermsServiceBindingImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FragmentTermsServiceBindingImpl$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/LocalMutationSyncWorker_AssistedFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.LocalMutationSyncWorker_AssistedFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SubmissionDocumentReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionDocumentReference
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionDocumentReference$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/FieldConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.FieldConverter
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/TextInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.TextInputFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/AutoValue_ResponseDelta.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_ResponseDelta
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_ResponseDelta$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_ResponseDelta$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/QuerySnapshotConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.QuerySnapshotConverter
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.QuerySnapshotConverter$1
com/google/android/gnd/repository/FeatureRepository.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.FeatureRepository
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.FeatureRepository$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_SubmissionMutationEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionMutationEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionMutationEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionMutationEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/repository/OfflineAreaRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.OfflineAreaRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/StepEntityType.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.StepEntityType
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_FeatureDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_featuredetails_FeatureDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorDialogFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PolygonDrawingControlsBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PolygonDrawingControlsBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/TileSetDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$10
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$11
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$12
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$13
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$14
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$15
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$16
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.TileSetDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/repository/OfflineAreaRepository.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.OfflineAreaRepository
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.OfflineAreaRepository$1
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapMoveFeatureLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapMoveFeatureLayoutBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/model/AuditInfo.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AuditInfo
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AuditInfo$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreDataStore_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreDataStore_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/AutoValue_Coordinates.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_Coordinates
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_Coordinates$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_Coordinates$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/AbstractMapViewerFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.AbstractMapViewerFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/EditSubmissionBottomSheetBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.EditSubmissionBottomSheetBindingImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_TileSetDownloadWorker_HiltModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_TileSetDownloadWorker_HiltModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_datacollection_DataCollectionFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_datacollection_DataCollectionFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapHomeLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapHomeLayoutBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_tos_TermsOfServiceFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_tos_TermsOfServiceFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/LocalMutationSyncWorker.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.LocalMutationSyncWorker
com/google/android/gnd/model/User.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.User
 com.google.android.gnd.model.User$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/MultipleChoiceConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.MultipleChoiceConverter
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/ResponseDelta.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.ResponseDelta
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.ResponseDelta$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/OfflineAreaDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OfflineAreaDao
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/SubmissionMutationEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SubmissionMutationEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.SubmissionMutationEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/MutationEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.MutationEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.MutationEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/AutoValue_Task.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Task
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Task$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Task$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/EditSubmissionBottomSheetBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.EditSubmissionBottomSheetBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/LoiDocument.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiDocument
com/google/android/gnd/ui/datacollection/DataCollectionViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.DataCollectionViewModel_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.DataCollectionViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureRepositionViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureRepositionViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/repository/MapsRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.MapsRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/WorkManagerModule_ProvideWorkManagerFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.WorkManagerModule_ProvideWorkManagerFactory
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/$AutoValue_PolygonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PolygonFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PolygonFeature$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.$AutoValue_PolygonFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteStorageModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStore
com/google/android/gnd/system/rx/RxSettingsClient.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.rx.RxSettingsClient
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/UserConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.UserConverter
com/google/android/gnd/AbstractActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.AbstractActivity_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapSelectorFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapSelectorFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SyncStatusFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SyncStatusFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/AutoValue_Field.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Field
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Field$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Field$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/ViewUtil.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.ViewUtil
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseStorageReferenceFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseStorageReferenceFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteStorageModule_FirebaseStorageReferenceFactory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/NumberInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.NumberInputFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/TileSetEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.TileSetEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.TileSetEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.TileSetEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/MutationEntityType.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.MutationEntityType
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.MutationEntityType$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_local_LocalDatabaseModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_local_LocalDatabaseModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/FeatureHelper.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.FeatureHelper
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/AuditInfoNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.AuditInfoNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.google.android.gnd.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/LocalDatabase_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.LocalDatabase_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.LocalDatabase_Impl$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_SubmissionDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_SubmissionDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/AutoValue_MapGeoJson.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapGeoJson
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapGeoJson$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapGeoJson$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.UserDao_Impl$8
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_selector_OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_offlinebasemap_selector_OfflineAreaSelectorFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TermsOfServiceDocumentReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TermsOfServiceDocumentReference
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/RemoteDataStore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.RemoteDataStore
com/google/android/gnd/ui/startup/StartupFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragmentDirections
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragmentDirections$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragmentDirections$ShowTermsOfService
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_MapContainerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_MapContainerFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentArgs
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapContainerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapContainerFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/Hilt_SubmissionDetailsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.Hilt_SubmissionDetailsFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/JsonObjectTypeConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.JsonObjectTypeConverter
com/google/android/gnd/model/submission/AutoValue_Submission.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_Submission
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_Submission$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.submission.AutoValue_Submission$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_MapTypeDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_MapTypeDialogFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_HomeScreenFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_HomeScreenFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/FeatureMutationEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FeatureMutationEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FeatureMutationEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FeatureDetailsFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FeatureDetailsFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/model/AutoValue_Survey.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_Survey
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_Survey$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_Survey$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/TestModelBuilders.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.TestModelBuilders
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_google_android_gnd_GndApplication
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/ResponseMapConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.ResponseMapConverter
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/NumberInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.NumberInputFieldBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_remote_RemoteStorageModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_remote_RemoteStorageModule
com/google/android/gnd/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.android.gnd.BuildConfig
com/google/android/gnd/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.google.android.gnd.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionListItemBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionListItemBindingImpl
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionListItemBindingImpl$OnClickListenerImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_BaseMapEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_BaseMapEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_BaseMapEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_BaseMapEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PolygonDrawingControlsBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PolygonDrawingControlsBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreUuidGenerator.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreUuidGenerator
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SettingsActivityBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SettingsActivityBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/FeatureDao_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$2
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$3
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$4
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$5
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$6
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$7
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$8
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.FeatureDao_Impl$9
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_SubmissionMutationDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_SubmissionMutationDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_JobEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_JobEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_JobEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_JobEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/AutoValue_MultiSelectDialogFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_MultiSelectDialogFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_MultiSelectDialogFactory$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_MultiSelectDialogFactory$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/system/PermissionsManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.PermissionsManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorDialogFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorDialogFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/SelectDialogFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.SelectDialogFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.SelectDialogFactory$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorDialogFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/TimeFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.TimeFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/startup/Hilt_StartupFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.Hilt_StartupFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceFragmentArgs.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragmentArgs
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragmentArgs$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragmentArgs$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/relations/SurveyEntityAndRelations.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.relations.SurveyEntityAndRelations
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_HiltWrapper_GndApplicationModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_HiltWrapper_GndApplicationModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_SurveyDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_SurveyDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/ResponseJsonConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.ResponseJsonConverter
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.ResponseJsonConverter$1
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/HomeScreenFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.HomeScreenFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/PolygonDrawingView_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.PolygonDrawingView_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_system_auth_AuthenticationModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_system_auth_AuthenticationModule
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SurveySelectorListItemBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SurveySelectorListItemBinding
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapViewerFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapViewerFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/FeatureHelper_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.FeatureHelper_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_PhotoSyncWorker_HiltModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_persistence_sync_PhotoSyncWorker_HiltModule
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/EntityState.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.EntityState
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorker.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorker
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/OptionConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.OptionConverter
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapMoveFeatureLayoutBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapMoveFeatureLayoutBinding
com/google/android/gnd/HiltWrapper_GndApplicationModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.HiltWrapper_GndApplicationModule
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/OfflineBaseMapsFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.OfflineBaseMapsFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/AutoValue_PointFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_PointFeature
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/LoiMutationConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiMutationConverter
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.LoiMutationConverter$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/JobEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.JobEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.JobEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/MultiSelectDialogFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.MultiSelectDialogFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.MultiSelectDialogFactory$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_FeatureMutationDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_FeatureMutationDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/AutoValue_MapPin.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPin
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPin$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.AutoValue_MapPin$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/RoomLocalDataStore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.RoomLocalDataStore
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.RoomLocalDataStore$1
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/NumberFieldViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.NumberFieldViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/AutoValue_PolygonDrawingViewModel_PolygonDrawingState.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.AutoValue_PolygonDrawingViewModel_PolygonDrawingState
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorker_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorker_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PhotoFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PhotoFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/AutoValue_SingleSelectDialogFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_SingleSelectDialogFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_SingleSelectDialogFactory$1
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.AutoValue_SingleSelectDialogFactory$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_common_ViewModelModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_common_ViewModelModule
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/TimeInputFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.TimeInputFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/models/AutoValue_UserDetails.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_UserDetails
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_UserDetails$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.models.AutoValue_UserDetails$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorker.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker$TileSetDownloadException
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/UserNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.UserNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/LocalDatabase.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.LocalDatabase
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorker_AssistedFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorker_AssistedFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/Hilt_SurveySelectorDialogFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.Hilt_SurveySelectorDialogFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorFragment$1
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/FeatureRepositionViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureRepositionViewModel_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.FeatureRepositionViewModel_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/BottomSheetDependentBehavior.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.BottomSheetDependentBehavior
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/BitmapUtil_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.BitmapUtil_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/MapProviderModule_ProvidesGoogleMapFragmentFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapProviderModule_ProvidesGoogleMapFragmentFactory
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.MapProviderModule_ProvidesGoogleMapFragmentFactory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/system/ActivityStreams_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.ActivityStreams_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.system.ActivityStreams_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxTask.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxTask
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/ViewModelFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.ViewModelFactory
com/google/android/gnd/system/LocationManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.LocationManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/PhotoFieldBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.PhotoFieldBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/system/auth/GoogleAuthenticationManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.auth.GoogleAuthenticationManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/system/NotificationManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.NotificationManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/OfflineAreaSelectorViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.OfflineAreaSelectorViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/TaskNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.TaskNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionDetailsFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionDetailsFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/SubmissionMutationDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.SubmissionMutationDao
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/TimeFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.TimeFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/ui/settings/SettingsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.settings.SettingsFragment
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_FieldDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_FieldDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/PhotoSyncWorker_AssistedFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.PhotoSyncWorker_AssistedFactory
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/AutoOneOf_Step.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoOneOf_Step
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoOneOf_Step$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoOneOf_Step$Impl_field
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoOneOf_Step$Impl_unknown
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoOneOf_Step$Parent_
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDataStoreModule_OfflineAreaDaoFactory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDataStoreModule_OfflineAreaDaoFactory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/BottomSheetMetrics.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.BottomSheetMetrics
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/BaseMapNestedObject.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.BaseMapNestedObject
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/base/FluentDocumentReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.base.FluentDocumentReference
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/AutoValue_SubmissionEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.AutoValue_SubmissionEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/Navigator.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.Navigator
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/DrawableUtil.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.DrawableUtil
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/DataSyncWorkManager_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.DataSyncWorkManager_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/GroundFirestore_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.GroundFirestore_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/gms/GoogleMapsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.GoogleMapsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/TwoLineToolbarBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.TwoLineToolbarBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/CameraPosition.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.CameraPosition
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/TileSetDownloadWorkManager.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.TileSetDownloadWorkManager
com/google/android/gnd/ui/signin/SignInViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.signin.SignInViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapTypeDialogFragmentBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapTypeDialogFragmentBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/LocalDatabaseModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.LocalDatabaseModule
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/PolygonFeature.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.PolygonFeature
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.PolygonFeature$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/TransferProgress.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.TransferProgress
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.TransferProgress$UploadState
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/FeatureDetailsChromeBehavior.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.FeatureDetailsChromeBehavior
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_FeatureRepositionView.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_FeatureRepositionView
com/google/android/gnd/ui/startup/StartupFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.startup.StartupFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SurveyDocument.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SurveyDocument
com/google/android/gnd/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.google.android.gnd.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featureselector/FeatureSelectorViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featureselector.FeatureSelectorViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/FragmentTermsServiceBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.FragmentTermsServiceBinding
com/google/android/gnd/rx/annotations/Hot.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.annotations.Hot
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/AutoValue_Option.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Option
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Option$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.AutoValue_Option$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/AutoValue_Point.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_Point
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_Point$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.AutoValue_Point$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/FirestoreDataStore.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.FirestoreDataStore
com/google/android/gnd/model/AutoValue_TermsOfService.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_TermsOfService
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_TermsOfService$1
 com.google.android.gnd.model.AutoValue_TermsOfService$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SubmissionCollectionReference.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionCollectionReference
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/LocalMutationSyncWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.LocalMutationSyncWorker_AssistedFactory_Impl
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/model/basemap/tile/TileSet.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.TileSet
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.TileSet$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.model.basemap.tile.TileSet$State
com/google/android/gnd/GndApplicationModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.GndApplicationModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/FileUtil_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.FileUtil_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/MapTypeDialogFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.MapTypeDialogFragment_MembersInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_FeatureRepositionView_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_home_mapcontainer_FeatureRepositionView_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_google_android_gnd_ui_startup_StartupFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_google_android_gnd_ui_startup_StartupFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/map/gms/WebTileProvider.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.map.gms.WebTileProvider
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/featuredetails/SubmissionListItemViewHolder.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.featuredetails.SubmissionListItemViewHolder
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/mapcontainer/Hilt_PolygonDrawingView.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.mapcontainer.Hilt_PolygonDrawingView
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/BindingAdapters.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.BindingAdapters
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.BindingAdapters$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/sync/LocalMutationSyncWorker_HiltModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.sync.LocalMutationSyncWorker_HiltModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/syncstatus/SyncStatusFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.syncstatus.SyncStatusFragment_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/EditSubmissionFragmentDirections.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.EditSubmissionFragmentDirections
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerFragment_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerFragment_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/selector/Hilt_OfflineAreaSelectorFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.selector.Hilt_OfflineAreaSelectorFragment
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/SubmissionDetailsFragBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.SubmissionDetailsFragBinding
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/TextFieldViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.TextFieldViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxSchedulers_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxSchedulers_Factory
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxSchedulers_Factory$InstanceHolder
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/TimeInputFieldBinding.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.TimeInputFieldBinding
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/entity/FeatureEntity.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FeatureEntity
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FeatureEntity$1
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.entity.FeatureEntity$Builder
com/google/android/gnd/model/feature/FeatureType.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.feature.FeatureType
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/common/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.common.ViewModelFactory_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/ui/home/Hilt_HomeScreenFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.home.Hilt_HomeScreenFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/editsubmission/FieldViewFactory_MembersInjector.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.editsubmission.FieldViewFactory_MembersInjector
com/google/android/gnd/ui/util/BitmapUtil.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.util.BitmapUtil
com/google/android/gnd/repository/UserMediaRepository_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.repository.UserMediaRepository_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/BaseDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.BaseDao
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/converter/JsonArrayTypeConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.converter.JsonArrayTypeConverter
com/google/android/gnd/ui/datacollection/Hilt_DataCollectionFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.datacollection.Hilt_DataCollectionFragment
com/google/android/gnd/ui/surveyselector/SurveySelectorViewModel_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.surveyselector.SurveySelectorViewModel_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/rx/RxSchedulers.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.RxSchedulers
com/google/android/gnd/model/task/MultipleChoice.java
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.MultipleChoice
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.MultipleChoice$Builder
 com.google.android.gnd.model.task.MultipleChoice$Cardinality
com/google/android/gnd/system/rx/RxSettingsClient_Factory.java
 com.google.android.gnd.system.rx.RxSettingsClient_Factory
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/local/room/dao/OptionDao.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.local.room.dao.OptionDao
com/google/android/gnd/databinding/MapContainerFragBindingImpl.java
 com.google.android.gnd.databinding.MapContainerFragBindingImpl
com/google/android/gnd/ui/submissiondetails/SubmissionDetailsFragment.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragment
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.submissiondetails.SubmissionDetailsFragment$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SubmissionMutationConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionMutationConverter
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionMutationConverter$1
com/google/android/gnd/persistence/remote/firestore/schema/SubmissionConverter.java
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionConverter
 com.google.android.gnd.persistence.remote.firestore.schema.SubmissionConverter$1
com/google/android/gnd/rx/SchedulersModule.java
 com.google.android.gnd.rx.SchedulersModule
com/google/android/gnd/ui/tos/TermsOfServiceViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.tos.TermsOfServiceViewModel
com/google/android/gnd/ui/offlinebasemap/viewer/OfflineAreaViewerViewModel.java
 com.google.android.gnd.ui.offlinebasemap.viewer.OfflineAreaViewerViewModel
