com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/ChartActionBarView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartActionBarView
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartActionBarView$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartActionBarView$onActionClickListener
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothExingtechY1.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothExingtechY1
com/health/openscale/core/datatypes/ScaleUser.java
 com.health.openscale.core.datatypes.ScaleUser
 com.health.openscale.core.datatypes.ScaleUser$1
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothFactory.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothFactory
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/SlideToNavigationAdapter.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.SlideToNavigationAdapter
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.SlideToNavigationAdapter$1
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/BMRMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.BMRMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothDebug.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothDebug
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/FatMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FatMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BluetoothPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/GraphPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GraphPreferences
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/TimePreferenceDialog.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.TimePreferenceDialog
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/WeightMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.WeightMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementEntryFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$DATA_ENTRY_MODE
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragment$onMeasurementViewUpdateListener
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/WaistMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.WaistMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothIhealthHS3.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothIhealthHS3
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothIhealthHS3$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothIhealthHS3$BluetoothConnectedThread
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothBeurerSanitas.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothBeurerSanitas
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothBeurerSanitas$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothBeurerSanitas$DeviceType
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothBeurerSanitas$RemoteUser
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/SupportIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.SupportIntroSlide
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/LBMMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.LBMMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/MobileNavigationDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.MobileNavigationDirections
 com.health.openscale.MobileNavigationDirections$1
 com.health.openscale.MobileNavigationDirections$ActionNavMobileNavigationToNavDataentry
 com.health.openscale.MobileNavigationDirections$ActionNavMobileNavigationToNavUsersettings
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementViewSettings.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementViewSettings
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/BicepsMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.BicepsMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/TimePreference.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.TimePreference
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothMGB.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothMGB
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/PrivacyIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.PrivacyIntroSlide
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/NeckMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.NeckMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/UserIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.UserIntroSlide
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.UserIntroSlide$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.UserIntroSlide$onBtnAddUserClickListener
com/health/openscale/core/OpenScale.java
 com.health.openscale.core.OpenScale
 com.health.openscale.core.OpenScale$1
 com.health.openscale.core.OpenScale$2
com/health/openscale/core/alarm/AlarmBackupHandler.java
 com.health.openscale.core.alarm.AlarmBackupHandler
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/UserSettingsFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$8
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$9
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragment$USER_SETTING_MODE
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BluetoothSettingsFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragmentDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MeasurementPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/BMIMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.BMIMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/utils/Converters.java
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$1
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$ActivityLevel
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$AmputationLevel
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$Gender
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$MeasureUnit
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.Converters$WeightUnit
com/health/openscale/gui/overview/OverviewFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragmentDirections
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragmentDirections$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragmentDirections$ActionNavOverviewToNavDataentry
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/VisceralFatMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.VisceralFatMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/table/TableFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment$MeasurementsAdapter
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment$MeasurementsAdapter$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragment$MeasurementsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/BluetoothIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.BluetoothIntroSlide
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.BluetoothIntroSlide$1
com/health/openscale/core/database/ScaleDatabaseProvider.java
 com.health.openscale.core.database.ScaleDatabaseProvider
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/AboutPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.AboutPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.AboutPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.AboutPreferences$FileDebugTree
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/AppIntroActivity.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.AppIntroActivity
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/ChartMarkerView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartMarkerView
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/BoneMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.BoneMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/TBWBehnke.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.TBWBehnke
com/health/openscale/gui/table/TableFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragmentDirections
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragmentDirections$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.table.TableFragmentDirections$ActionNavTableToNavDataentry
com/health/openscale/core/utils/PolynomialFitter.java
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.PolynomialFitter
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.PolynomialFitter$Polynomial
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/WHRMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.WHRMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MainPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothSoehnle.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothSoehnle
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothSoehnle$1
com/health/openscale/core/alarm/AlarmEntry.java
 com.health.openscale.core.alarm.AlarmEntry
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/ChartMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartMeasurementView
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartMeasurementView$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartMeasurementView$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChartMeasurementView$ViewMode
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/GraphPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GraphPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/UserSettingsFragmentArgs.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragmentArgs
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragmentArgs$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/UsersPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferencesDirections
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferencesDirections$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferencesDirections$ActionNavUserPreferencesToNavUsersettings
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/FloatMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$8
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$ListPreferenceWithNeutralButton
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$ListPreferenceWithNeutralButton$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$RepeatListener
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FloatMeasurementView$RepeatListener$1
com/health/openscale/gui/utils/PermissionHelper.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.utils.PermissionHelper
 com.health.openscale.gui.utils.PermissionHelper$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.utils.PermissionHelper$2
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothTrisaBodyAnalyze.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothTrisaBodyAnalyze
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/lib/MiScaleLib.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.MiScaleLib
com/health/openscale/gui/graph/GraphFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragmentDirections
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragmentDirections$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragmentDirections$ActionNavGraphToNavDataentry
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$DateTimeOrder
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$MeasurementViewMode
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementView$onClickListenerEvaluation
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/GeneralPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GeneralPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/core/database/ScaleUserDAO.java
 com.health.openscale.core.database.ScaleUserDAO
com/health/openscale/gui/graph/GraphFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$10
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$11
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$12
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$13
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$8
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$9
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$chartTopValueTouchListener
 com.health.openscale.gui.graph.GraphFragment$onChartValueSelectedListener
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/CaloriesMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.CaloriesMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/MainActivity.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$10
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$11
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$12
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$13
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$14
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$15
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$8
 com.health.openscale.gui.MainActivity$9
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothMedisanaBS44x.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothMedisanaBS44x
com/health/openscale/core/Application.java
 com.health.openscale.core.Application
 com.health.openscale.core.Application$1
 com.health.openscale.core.Application$TimberLogAdapter
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/LinearGaugeView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.LinearGaugeView
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/FatCaliperMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.FatCaliperMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/TimeMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.TimeMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothInlife.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothInlife
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothInlife$1
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MeasurementDetailPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementDetailPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/utils/ColorUtil.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.utils.ColorUtil
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/WHtRMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.WHtRMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BackupPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothGattUuid.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothGattUuid
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/HipMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.HipMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/BuildConfig.java
 com.health.openscale.BuildConfig
com/health/openscale/core/alarm/ReminderBootReceiver.java
 com.health.openscale.core.alarm.ReminderBootReceiver
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothQNScale.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothQNScale
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/ReminderPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.ReminderPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/ReminderPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.ReminderPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.ReminderPreferences$1
com/health/openscale/core/utils/DateTimeHelpers.java
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.DateTimeHelpers
com/health/openscale/core/datatypes/ScaleMeasurement.java
 com.health.openscale.core.datatypes.ScaleMeasurement
 com.health.openscale.core.datatypes.ScaleMeasurement$1
com/health/openscale/gui/statistic/StatisticsFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragmentDirections
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/EstimatedFatMetric.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedFatMetric
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedFatMetric$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedFatMetric$FORMULA
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/LBMBoer.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.LBMBoer
com/health/openscale/core/alarm/AlarmEntryReader.java
 com.health.openscale.core.alarm.AlarmEntryReader
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothMiScale.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothMiScale
com/health/openscale/core/evaluation/EvaluationResult.java
 com.health.openscale.core.evaluation.EvaluationResult
 com.health.openscale.core.evaluation.EvaluationResult$EVAL_STATE
com/health/openscale/core/alarm/AlarmHandler.java
 com.health.openscale.core.alarm.AlarmHandler
com/health/openscale/gui/statistic/StatisticsFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.statistic.StatisticsFragment$4
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothYunmaiSE_Mini.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothYunmaiSE_Mini
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/lib/OneByoneLib.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.OneByoneLib
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/WaterMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.WaterMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/database/ScaleMeasurementDAO.java
 com.health.openscale.core.database.ScaleMeasurementDAO
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementViewUpdateListener.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementViewUpdateListener
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/ChestMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ChestMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BluetoothSettingsFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$1$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$2$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$2$1$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothSettingsFragment$BluetoothDeviceView
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/CommentMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.CommentMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothCustomOpenScale.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCustomOpenScale
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothMiScale2.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothMiScale2
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothDigooDGSO38H.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothDigooDGSO38H
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothDigooDGSO38H$1
com/health/openscale/core/evaluation/EvaluationSheet.java
 com.health.openscale.core.evaluation.EvaluationSheet
 com.health.openscale.core.evaluation.EvaluationSheet$sheetEntry
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/WelcomeIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.WelcomeIntroSlide
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/TBWLeeSongKim.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.TBWLeeSongKim
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MeasurementPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$MeasurementOrderPreference
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$MeasurementOrderPreference$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$MeasurementOrderPreference$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$MeasurementOrderPreference$dragShadowBuilder
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$MeasurementOrderPreference$onDragListener
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$onClickListenerDeleteAll
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$onClickListenerDeleteAll$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementPreferences$onClickListenerDeleteAll$2
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/EstimatedWaterMetric.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedWaterMetric
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedWaterMetric$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedWaterMetric$FORMULA
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/OpenSourceIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.OpenSourceIntroSlide
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothExcelvanCF36xBLE.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothExcelvanCF36xBLE
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothExcelvanCF36xBLE$1
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothHesley.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothHesley
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BackupPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferences$onClickListenerAutoBackup
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferences$onClickListenerExportBackup
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BackupPreferences$onClickListenerImportBackup
com/health/openscale/core/utils/CsvHelper.java
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.CsvHelper
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.CsvHelper$1
 com.health.openscale.core.utils.CsvHelper$DateTimeConverter
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/BFGallagher.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.BFGallagher
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothSenssun.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothSenssun
com/health/openscale/gui/overview/OverviewFragment.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$10
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$11
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$12
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$8
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$9
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$onChartSelectedListener
 com.health.openscale.gui.overview.OverviewFragment$spinUserSelectionListener
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/BFEddy.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.BFEddy
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementEntryFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragmentDirections
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/lib/YunmaiLib.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.YunmaiLib
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.YunmaiLib$1
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/ThighMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.ThighMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothOneByone.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothOneByone
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothOneByone$1
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MuscleMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MuscleMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/TBWHumeWeyers.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.TBWHumeWeyers
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/Caliper3MeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.Caliper3MeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/slides/MetricsIntroSlide.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.slides.MetricsIntroSlide
com/health/openscale/gui/widget/WidgetProvider.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.widget.WidgetProvider
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/DateMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.DateMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/AboutPreferencesDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.AboutPreferencesDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/UserMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.UserMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/SlideNavigationDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.SlideNavigationDirections
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/Caliper2MeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.Caliper2MeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/LBMHume.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.LBMHume
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MainPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$3
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$4
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$5
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$6
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$7
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MainPreferences$8
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/EstimatedLBMMetric.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedLBMMetric
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedLBMMetric$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.EstimatedLBMMetric$FORMULA
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/UsersPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences$2
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences$UserPreference
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences$UserPreference$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UsersPreferences$UserPreference$2
com/health/openscale/gui/widget/WidgetConfigure.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.widget.WidgetConfigure
 com.health.openscale.gui.widget.WidgetConfigure$1
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/BFDeurenberg.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.BFDeurenberg
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/MeasurementDetailPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.MeasurementDetailPreferences
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/UserSettingsFragmentDirections.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.UserSettingsFragmentDirections
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/BFDeurenbergII.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.BFDeurenbergII
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothStandardWeightProfile.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothStandardWeightProfile
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/BluetoothPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.BluetoothPreferences$2
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/BluetoothCommunication.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication$1
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication$2
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication$3
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication$4
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.BluetoothCommunication$BT_STATUS
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/TBWDelwaideCrenier.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.TBWDelwaideCrenier
com/health/openscale/gui/preferences/GeneralPreferences.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GeneralPreferences
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GeneralPreferences$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.preferences.GeneralPreferences$2
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/MeasurementEntryFragmentArgs.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragmentArgs
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragmentArgs$1
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.MeasurementEntryFragmentArgs$Builder
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/TDEEMeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.TDEEMeasurementView
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/BFGallagherAsian.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.BFGallagherAsian
com/health/openscale/core/database/AppDatabase.java
 com.health.openscale.core.database.AppDatabase
 com.health.openscale.core.database.AppDatabase$1
 com.health.openscale.core.database.AppDatabase$2
 com.health.openscale.core.database.AppDatabase$3
 com.health.openscale.core.database.AppDatabase$4
com/health/openscale/core/bodymetric/LBMWeightMinusFat.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bodymetric.LBMWeightMinusFat
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/lib/TrisaBodyAnalyzeLib.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.TrisaBodyAnalyzeLib
com/health/openscale/core/bluetooth/lib/SoehnleLib.java
 com.health.openscale.core.bluetooth.lib.SoehnleLib
com/health/openscale/gui/measurement/Caliper1MeasurementView.java
 com.health.openscale.gui.measurement.Caliper1MeasurementView
