nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestButtonBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestButtonBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentEndOfLifeBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentEndOfLifeBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListWithTwoButtonsBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListWithTwoButtonsBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemBottomSheetBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemBottomSheetBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemIllustratedBoxBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemIllustratedBoxBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentEnableApiBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentEnableApiBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemParagraphBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemParagraphBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemMessageBoxBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemMessageBoxBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestKeyBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestKeyBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentAppUpdateRequiredBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentAppUpdateRequiredBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/IncludeSettingsPauseStateBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.IncludeSettingsPauseStateBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestShareKeysBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestShareKeysBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentInternetRequiredBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentInternetRequiredBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusHeaderBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusHeaderBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentStatusBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentStatusBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemBottomSheetBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemBottomSheetBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentBottomSheetListBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentBottomSheetListBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusExposureOver14DaysAgoBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusExposureOver14DaysAgoBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentPrivacyPolicyConsentBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentPrivacyPolicyConsentBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentEndOfLifeBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentEndOfLifeBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemInlineIllustrationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemInlineIllustrationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentAppUpdateRequiredBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentAppUpdateRequiredBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentShareBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentShareBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqHeaderBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqHeaderBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentPauseConfirmationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentPauseConfirmationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentStatusBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentStatusBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemParagraphBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemParagraphBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentExplanationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentExplanationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusErrorBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusErrorBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestUsedKeyBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestUsedKeyBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusFooterBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusFooterBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemErrorBoxBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemErrorBoxBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListWithTwoButtonsBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListWithTwoButtonsBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemMessageBoxBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemMessageBoxBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestUsedKeyBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestUsedKeyBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemErrorBoxBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemErrorBoxBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusActionBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusActionBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListWithButtonBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListWithButtonBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentInternetRequiredBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentInternetRequiredBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestStepDescriptionBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestStepDescriptionBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqOnboardingBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqOnboardingBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemButtonBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemButtonBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestStepBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestStepBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentShareBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentShareBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/BR.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.BR
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestShareKeysBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestShareKeysBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLoadingBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLoadingBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqHeaderBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqHeaderBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemSpacingBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemSpacingBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentLocationServicesRequiredBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentLocationServicesRequiredBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentExplanationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentExplanationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/IncludeEnableApiStepBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.IncludeEnableApiStepBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqOnboardingExplanationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqOnboardingExplanationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemButtonBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemButtonBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemSpacingBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemSpacingBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentPrivacyPolicyConsentBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentPrivacyPolicyConsentBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestStepBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestStepBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentPauseConfirmationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentPauseConfirmationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusFooterBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusFooterBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusHeaderBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusHeaderBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusPausedBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusPausedBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemCenteredIllustrationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemCenteredIllustrationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemInlineIllustrationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemInlineIllustrationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentListWithButtonBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentListWithButtonBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemCenteredIllustrationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemCenteredIllustrationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusActionBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusActionBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemHeaderBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemHeaderBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqOnboardingExplanationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqOnboardingExplanationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentEnableApiBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentEnableApiBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusBatteryOptimizationEnabledBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusBatteryOptimizationEnabledBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemIllustrationBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemIllustrationBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusPausedBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusPausedBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestButtonBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestButtonBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentSettingsBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentSettingsBindingImpl
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentSettingsBindingImpl$1
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemFaqOnboardingBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemFaqOnboardingBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemIllustratedBoxBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemIllustratedBoxBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentLocationServicesRequiredBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentLocationServicesRequiredBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLoadingBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLoadingBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentBottomSheetListBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentBottomSheetListBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/BuildConfig.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.BuildConfig
nl/rijksoverheid/en/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.DataBinderMapperImpl
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusExposureOver14DaysAgoBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusExposureOver14DaysAgoBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentGooglePlayServicesUpgradeRequiredBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentGooglePlayServicesUpgradeRequiredBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusBatteryOptimizationEnabledBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusBatteryOptimizationEnabledBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemStatusErrorBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemStatusErrorBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestStepDescriptionBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestStepDescriptionBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.DataBindingTriggerClass
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/IncludeSettingsPauseStateBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.IncludeSettingsPauseStateBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/IncludeEnableApiStepBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.IncludeEnableApiStepBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemIllustrationBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemIllustrationBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemHeaderBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemHeaderBinding
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/FragmentGooglePlayServicesUpgradeRequiredBindingImpl.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.FragmentGooglePlayServicesUpgradeRequiredBindingImpl
nl/rijksoverheid/en/databinding/ItemLabTestKeyBinding.java
 nl.rijksoverheid.en.databinding.ItemLabTestKeyBinding
